(Carlos Review) ICMP (#78)
o-pylypenko/draft-ietf-opsawg-discardmodel: draft-ietf-opsawg-discardmodel.md

This document defines an Information Model (IM) and specifies a corresponding YANG Data Model (DM) for packet loss reporting to address the above issues. The IM provides precise classification of packet loss to enable accurate automated mitigation. The DM specifies a YANG implementation of this IM for network elements, while maintaining consistency through clear semantics.

> This document is mainly scoped to reporting packet loss at Layer 3, frames discarded at Layer 2, and in between (e.g., MPLS {{?RFC3031}}). This document considers only the signals that may trigger automated mitigation actions and not how the actions are defined or executed. These considerations are deployment-specific. Likewise, the document does not correlate specific discard counters with other events and counters (e.g., ICMP). Such a correlation is not trivial and depends on local configuration and specific conditions (e.g., rate-limit policy, overload, or Access Control Lists (ACLs)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The scope of this document is limited to reporting Layer 3 packet discards, Layer 2 frame discards, and discards during MPLS label processing {{?RFC3031}}. The reported signals may trigger automated mitigation actions; the definition and execution of those actions are deployment-specific. Protocol actions associated with a discard (e.g., ICMP error message generation) are governed by the applicable protocol specifications and local policy.
```

Reviewer: agree with keeping follow-on protocol actions outside this model -- but could we tighten the paragraph like this?
